optimize docs review (#2919)
camunda/camunda-docs: optimize/components/userguide/decision-analysis/decision-report.md

<span class="badge badge--platform">Camunda 7 only</span>

> Decision reports provide insights into decision definitions, distinct from process reports. To create one click on **Create New** and select **Decision Report** from the dropdown on the homepage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decision reports provide insights into decision definitions, distinct from process reports. To create one click on **Create New** and select **Decision Report** from the dropdown on the Collections page.
```

![Create a new Decision Report from the Report list page](./img/dmn_report_create.png)

There are a number of different reports you can create based on decisions:

## Raw data

> Create a raw data report to view a table listing all decision data. Useful for detailed information on specific evaluations or exploring a decision definition with limited evaluations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a raw data report to view a table listing all decision data. This is useful for detailed information on specific evaluations or exploring a decision definition with limited evaluations.
```
Should it be this? It doesn't make sense to me as is
